# Composer-5-Support-Files


## Introduction ##

Support files compatible with MultiMarkdown Composer 5 and nvUltra: 

*	CSS - CSS files useful for the preview function in Composer and nvUltra.  These are "standard" CSS files, and are not specifically designed for these apps, but are generally optimized in a couple of small ways to work with HTML generated by MultiMarkdown.  Most are created by Brett Terpstra. 

*	Dictionaries - Plain text files with one entry per line.  Used for autocompletion support in Composer v4+ (Pro), as well as nvUltra.

	*	`English-1k.dict` and `English-10k.dict` contain the top 1,000 and 10,000 English words, respectively.  Obtained from <https://norvig.com/ngrams/>, generated by Peter Norvig.  Using these files adds a great deal of autocompletion support to your editor, and similar things could be done for any language.

	*	`medical.dict` contains 98,000+ English medical terms.  It is available under the GPL 3.0 from <https://github.com/glutanimate/wordlist-medicalterms-en>.  A list this size does require a large amount of memory, but it does demonstrate the impressive performance of the autocomplete functionality with large word lists.  (At least, I am impressed.... ;)

*	Expansions - JSON files that match keys with expansions.  Typing the shortcut instructs the editor to replace it with the expansion in Composer v4+ (Pro) and nvUltra.  There are some powerful features that can be combined in interesting ways.  More information is [here](http://support.multimarkdown.com/kb/composer-v4/multimarkdown-composer-v4-expansions). 

*	Themes - JSON files to specify syntax highlighting for the editor.  These are basically the same as those used in MultiMarkdown Composer v4, but with a few slight changes.  The goal is for nvUltra and Composer 5 files to be compatible, but Composer 5 is still in development. More information is [here](http://support.multimarkdown.com/kb/composer-v4/multimarkdown-composer-v4-themes). 


## Use ##

These files are intended for inclusion as default files in MultiMarkdown Composer and nvUltra.  You can use them in other projects as well, but proper attribution for the file(s) used should be made.

## Contributions ##

If you have bug fixes for any of the files, feel free to submit a pull request or file an issue.  If you wish to submit a file, feel free.  We will only be including a few files by default, but will likely be building a more comprehensive web site for submission and download of user contributed themes, CSS, etc.
